docs/source/index.rst, before:

.. netengine documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Aug  8 15:35:40 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.


Welcome to Netengine's documentation!
=====================================


**********
Netengine
**********

Netengine is an open source library developed throughout GSOC2014 with Ninux.
It provides a Python abstraction layer to retrieve info from network devices using different back ends and suiting
the mainly used firmwares in nowadays devices (e.g antennas and routers).

=======================
Status of this project
=======================

The project aims to be completed by the end of August 2013 which is the end of GSOC2014 program.
As it is, it is composed by 3 backends:
* HTTP
* SSH
* SNMP



=============
Install
=============
If you want to install Netengine in your system just continue reading, otherwise please go to "Optional step"

Install via pip::

 pip install -e git+git://github.com/ninuxorg/netengine#egg=netengine


==============
Optional step
==============
Sometimes you don't want to install libraries and dependencies in your main Python env, in this case please consider to create a virtualenv.
Virtualenv is an environment completely detached from your main one, where you can add libraries and dependencies by adding anything to your main environment

To create your virtualenv type on a terminal::

 pip install virtualenv

Now you con crete your own virtualenv by typing::

  virtualenv <foo>

Inside the folder foo you will find several subdirectories, the ones we are interested in are:
 * /bin
 * /src

 Before installing anything in you virtualenv named <foo>, please enter in /bin and type::
 source activate

From now on, all you are going to install will be visible only inside the scope of virtualenv <foo>
Now you can enter the directory /src and type::
pip install -e git+git://github.com/ninuxorg/netengine#egg=netengine






==========
Contents:
==========


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /topics/http
   /topics/snmp
   /topics/ssh
   /topics/usage



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Netengine: improvements in docs related to #23  * added "Motivations" in index

docs/source/index.rst, after:

.. netengine documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Fri Aug  8 15:35:40 2014.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.


Welcome to Netengine's documentation!
=====================================


**********
Netengine
**********

Netengine is an open source library developed throughout GSOC2014 with Ninux.
It provides a Python abstraction layer to retrieve info from network devices using different back ends and suiting
the mainly used firmwares in nowadays devices (e.g antennas and routers).


Motivations
============

Ninux, the association Netengine's idea came from, is an italian wireless community network with more than XXX nodes.
Many times network debugging of a such number of devices can be a huge nightmare.
Moreover Netengine wants to be a tool to properly fill databases used for purposes other than device debugging or control such as Ninux map ** map.ninux.org **

=======================
Status of this project
=======================

The project aims to be completed by the end of August 2013 which is the end of GSOC2014 program.
As it is, it is composed by 3 backends:
* HTTP
* SSH
* SNMP

=============
Install
=============
If you want to install Netengine in your system just continue reading, otherwise please go to "Optional step"

Install via pip::

 pip install -e git+git://github.com/ninuxorg/netengine#egg=netengine

==============
Optional step
==============
Sometimes you don't want to install libraries and dependencies in your main Python env, in this case please consider to create a virtualenv.
Virtualenv is an environment completely detached from your main one, where you can add libraries and dependencies by adding anything to your main environment

To create your virtualenv type on a terminal::

 pip install virtualenv

Now you con crete your own virtualenv by typing::

  virtualenv <foo>

Inside the folder foo you will find several subdirectories, the ones we are interested in are:
 * /bin
 * /src

 Before installing anything in you virtualenv named <foo>, please enter in /bin and type::
 source activate

From now on, all you are going to install will be visible only inside the scope of virtualenv <foo>
Now you can enter the directory /src and type::

 pip install -e git+git://github.com/ninuxorg/netengine#egg=netengine

Now under /src you should have the directory ** netengine **


==========
Contents:
==========


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   /topics/http
   /topics/snmp
   /topics/ssh
   /topics/usage



Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
